So the last lecture we created our own component and our local setup and saw that this still worked
as we learn it before.
Now I want to add the reactor router to really make this a single page application.
So staying on this single in this age team file but actually handling different view or else so acting
like you were to do multiple pages.
Now for that we need to install the reactor router and I will do this you're opening a terminal in my
ideas so that's a normal terminal window and then you're navigating the project folder.
I'll run and install dash dash save re-act router Dom.
That's the package we need and that will add an entry to the package dodgiest and file and install this
module in the node modules folder so that we can use it now to use that router.
I'm going to go to my app touch js file.
So into the file where I want to render some routes and want to add some links that could of course
be a different file if you wanted to import a couple of things using E-6 import syntax from the re-act
router Dohm package.
So your what I do need and I use this index to only get some of the things dece package and this package
provides I need the browser router I'll assign an alias for router so that they can just use router
and use browser router.
I'll need the router object and the link.
Now how do we use the router here in the render Meffert.
I no longer use a death here.
Instead what I will do here is I will simply wrap this in my router object we need to set the history
here.
And it also shouldn't be self-closing.
Instead this should now be my router should be closed like that now between the opening and closing
tag.
We can use routing features.
So let's set up some routes.
I will do this by adding the route component here which I imported and route is a self-closing tag where
I do define the payoff like a slash for example.
And then the component that I want to load the component to your however won't be a string.
I will use a single Cauley braces here to reference a component but I don't have such components.
So I will quickly add components here.
I'll add three components an account component count the js file then maybe a block that js file and
why don't we all add a user to a js file now and all these false I will simply export a default function
which will be my stateless properties here.
Am I state last component component's my dump components where it will simply returns.
I'm js X so here in the user case I will simply wrap this in a death where I say the user page.
WIPs like that.
And I'm going to copy that into my blocked page here too.
There I want to say the block page and I want to do that in the account page to here outside the account
page and to mix it up all to take my info which right now import here in my apt or jazz file.
I don't use it there anymore.
All now Broder's import into my user dot js file of course.
Need to adjust it because I'm already in the components folder.
I don't want to use info in there so that is all these are all the components I want to use.
Now back to the chapter jr's fault.
I cannot sign them here and forward it at first day to import them so I will import user from dot slash
components slash user and I will replicate this to also get the account and to also get the blog.
With that I got all the components I want to set up as routes so my route route could be the user component
and I assigned like dis just referencing does component name and I will then replicate this to all a
set up account route and a blog route.
And of course I want to know the respective components here so account without parentheses and log.
This sets up some routes and if you wonder where do these routes get rendered.
Well they're where we set them up.
That is how do you react rather works.
So nothing save this and keep in mind deep Rose says Endace terminal here is still running.
We actually see an error and that's an important point which is not directly related to routing.
We always need to import react.
Even if we don't use it.
So in our components here where I don't use react and I don't use component I still need to import re-act
from react.
Otherwise it will not work.
So that shouldn't be too hard let's simply grab these import And it into all our files you're so into
the block and into the account component.
Now with that there's one thing we need to do and one thing you have to keep in mind your router here
may only have one child.
So we actually need a device here and wrap our routes in that.
So that's simply just the same rule re-act imposes on us and that simply is the case because the router
is just a wrapper around that.
So in the end re-act still takes over and therefore everything within the router is the actual re-act
component our app component here.
So the rule of having one rude element still applies.
If we now save this you'll see it gets reloaded and we're on the user page which makes sense because
our route right now is just local Haast slash and nothing and slash nothing that would be the user.
Now let's try out slash account.
Now if I were AUPs account like that if I did that we see the account page but we also see the user
page.
Well the reason for that is that Slash is still part of the load loaded your l.
We can fix this by adding exact here and just exact.
We don't need to assign a value if we do that and it reloads.
We see now we're just on the count page.
If I it block we're on the block page and if I remove everything we're back on the starting.
They used page.
Now that's nice.
What be nice to also have some links of though.
So let's add some links in the next lecture.